Add performance to Android Wizard (#4188)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/android/index.md

}
```

### Performance Monitoring

Set `io.sentry.traces.sample-rate` to 1.0 to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.
We recommend adjusting this value in production.

```xml {filename:AndroidManifest.xml}
<application>
    <meta-data android:name="io.sentry.traces.sample-rate" android:value="1.0" />
</application>
```

You can measure the performance of your code by capturing transactions and spans.

```kotlin
import io.sentry.Sentry

// Transaction can be started by providing, at minimum, the name and the operation
val transaction = Sentry.startTransaction("updateRepos", "task")

// Transactions can have child spans (and those spans can have child spans as well)

> val span = transaction.startChild("test-child-operation")

Reviewer: `l`: Maybe we should choose better operation names, as their are used for filtering.

}
```

### Performance Monitoring

Set `io.sentry.traces.sample-rate` to 1.0 to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.

We recommend adjusting this value in production.

```xml {filename:AndroidManifest.xml}
<application>
    <meta-data android:name="io.sentry.traces.sample-rate" android:value="1.0" />
</application>
```

You can measure the performance of your code by capturing transactions and spans.

```kotlin
import io.sentry.Sentry

// Transaction can be started by providing, at minimum, the name and the operation

> val transaction = Sentry.startTransaction("updateRepos", "task")
> 
> // Transactions can have child spans (and those spans can have child spans as well)
> val span = transaction.startChild("test-child-operation")

Reviewer: l: Maybe we should choose better operation names, as they are used for filtering.
```suggestion
val transaction = Sentry.startTransaction("Update Repos", "db")

// Transactions can have child spans (and those spans can have child spans as well)
val span = transaction.startChild("db", "Update first repo")
```
